a cemetery near the Janine refugee camp
in the occupied West Bank the final
resting place for dozens of Iraqi
soldiers Christians and Muslims sunnis
and Shia Arabs and Kurds people from all
walks of life fought and died for
Palestine in
1948 it was the first Arab Israeli War
to defend against the forced
displacement of Palestinians from their
land came to be known as the NBA or
catastrophe they were positioned in the
grows in this mountain they started
shooting and push the zionists all the
way back the Iraqis were the only ones
that thought here side by side with the
Palestinians nowadays Arab armies have
no say everyone is on their own everyone
wants to preserve their own
interests historians say Israel's
objective has always been the ethnic
cleansing of Palestine but what has
happening now is much more violent
during the NBA 13,000 Palestinians died
over the span of 3 years
since October more than 35,000
Palestinians have been killed in Gaza in
just 7 months the killing is from one
side civilian population killed with the
most sophisticated American
weapons day and night minute by minute
geopolitically the region is also
different 76 years ago the nuba was a
catastrophe for all Arab countries the
displays here document Decades of what
has been a violent conflict civilian
suffering the assassination of political
leaders massacres defeats on the
battlefield and at the negotiating table
what becomes clear is that with every
year that has gone on Palestinians have
found themselves more and more alone
with their struggle descendants of the
displaced and occupied say Palestinians
have hope in Arab people but not Arab
leaders in the West Bank we've seen
multiple raids and killings there's an
act of genocide in Gaza previously Arab
armies shared blood with
Palestinians Gaza is at War without
anyone by its side it's Fighting by
itself it's being slaughtered by itself
you're asking me about the Arab armies
shame on them they are used against
their own people they're not meant to
fight another country they're there to
fight riots but to fight another Army
no Palestinians say they remain hopeful
that they will win their freedom from
Israeli occupation
someday despite seemingly insurmountable
odds and despite knowing they will have
to do it themselves Zayn basravi Al
jazer the occupied West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer